
- Prof.Dr.T.J.SAWANT is the founder of JSPM group.

- There are total 6 branches of JSPM group from which RSCOE (Tathwade) is the main branch and other branches are:
  1.Tathawade
  2.Hadapsar
  3.Wagholi
  4.Bavdhan
  5.Narhe
  6.Barshi.

- JSPM RSCOE offers 6 courses for 'Bachelor of Engineering' as
  1.Mechanical
  2.Civil
  3.IT
  4.Computer
  5.E&TC
  6.electrical.

- Total strength of various courses or departments for BE are:
  1.mechanical   - 360
  2.Civil        - 120
  3.IT           - 120
  4.Computer     - 60
  5.E&TC         - 120
  6.Electrical   - 60.

- Documents required for admission:
 
Sr.No		Document name				SC   ST  NT  SBC  OBC  OPEN   MKB
1		CET/AIEEE Marks Sheet			 Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
2		12th Marks Sheet			     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
3		10th Marks Sheet			     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
4		10th Passing Certificate		 Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
5		Leaving Certificate			     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
6		Birth Certificate / Domicile     Y  Y   Y   Y   Y   Y   Y
7       Nationality (if Required)	     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
8		Caste Certificate			     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	N	N
9		Caste Validity				     Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	N	N
10		Non Creamy Layer			     N	N	Y	Y	Y	N	N
11		Mother-tongue Certificate		 N	N	N	N	N	N	Y
12		MKB Certificate				     N	N	N	N	N	N	Y
13		Colour Photo - 2(nos)			 Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y	Y
14		GAP Certificate (if Required).

- Scholarship Provided by Government of India:
1.Special Quota
2.SC/ST/ OBC Students Scholarship
3.Differently abled
4.For Women
5.EBC Scholarship
6.Minority Community
7.EWS Scholarship
8.TFWS Scholarship.


-Special Quota:
As per DTE norms, there as a special quota for the candidates belonging
to J & K and Northeast states.

-SC/ST/ OBC Students Scholarship:
Scholarships to Reserved Category students are available as per government norms.Admission cell organizes special seminar to these students to tell them about schemes and scholarships, if they take engineering admissions.

-Differently abled: 
3% seats of total sanctioned intake capacity of all the institution scoming under CAP, are reserved for candidates with disability, as per the provisions in Clause 39 of equal opportunities, protection of rights and Full Participation Act 1995.

-For Women: 
30% seats available for Maharashtra State CAP are reserved for female candidates, as per the provisions in GR No. GEC-1000/ (123/2000)/ Tech. Edu.-1, dated 17th April, 2000. Economically Weaker Sections: 5% seats are reserved under Tuition Fee Waiver Scheme (TFWS) for each course.

-EBC Scholarship: 
Students of economically backward class (EBC) are also getting the fees concession as per the rules of Government of Maharashtra.

-Minority Community: 
Students belonging to minority communities like Muslim/ Christian / Buddhist / Sikh / Parsi / Jain avail the "State and Central Government Minority Scholarship".

-EWS Scholarship: 
Economical Weaker section. 6 students for batch of 60 are admitted under this category and 50% of total fees waved for each student.

-TFWS Scholarship: 
Tuition Fees Wavier Scheme. Under this scheme 100% Tuition fees is waved.



-Private Scholarships Available:
1.LIC Golden Jubilee Scholarships
2.NTPC Scholarship Scheme
3.Indian Oil Corporation Scholarships
4.Tata Scholarship for Engineering Students
5.Central Sector Scholarship Scheme for College and University Students
6.IET India Scholarship
7.ONGC Scholarship for SC/ST Students
8.Leela Poonawala Scholarship
9.Cummins Scholarship
10.Cash Prize


- LIC Golden Jubilee Scholarships:
These merit scholarships for Engineering students are supported by the Life Insurance
Corporation of India (LIC) and targets meritorious students from economically backward
sections of society.

- NTPC Scholarship Scheme:
This scholarship for Engineering is started by the National Thermal Power Corporation
(NTPC), is meant for deserving candidates from the Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribe and
physically challenged students.It was started with the objective of providing them with financial aid to help shape their
careers and 2nd year Engineering students falling in these categories are eligible for thisparticular scholarship.

- Indian Oil Corporation Scholarships:
IOCL is yet another well-known company that provides 300 scholarships to deserving
Engineering students in India, under the aegis of their Indian Oil Educational Scholarship
scheme.Successful candidates are selected purely on a merit-cum-means basis and are awarded
scholarships amounting to INR 3,000 per month, for a period of four months.

- Tata Scholarship for Engineering Students:
Backed by the world-renowned Tata Group, the Tata Education and Development Trust, has
scholarships for engineering students in India who thoroughly deserve to pursue Engineering.

- Central Sector Scholarship Scheme for College and University Students:
The principal objective of this scholarship scheme by the central government and the
Ministry of Human Resources Development (Department of Higher Education) is to help
deserving students with limited means, meet a part of their fixed expenses – while doing their
graduate and post-graduate degrees.

- IET India Scholarship:
This scholarship for Engineering was founded to reward excellence among deserving 2nd and
3rd Year undergraduate students of Engineering by the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET).

- ONGC Scholarship for SC/ST Students:
The Oil Natural Gas Commission, the country’s top-ranked energy company offers this
scholarship to fund needy but deserving Indian students hailing from the SC/ST & OBC
categories. 50% of the scholarship is reserved for girl students.

- Leela Poonawala Scholarship:
Poonawala group and SERUM institutes provides special scholarship
to Girls students.

- Cummins Scholarship: 
Cummins group also provides Scholarship to economically
weaker students on the basis of Merit.

- Cash Prize: Gives Cash Prizes to the First Five FE Topper Students




					